VDK FACILITY SERVICES PVT. LTD.
OFFICE NO 408 THE ADDRESS COMMERCIA MALL
SHANKAR KALATE NAGAR, WAKAD - 411057
©
+91-9657550522 | +91-9922733222
aa
Email Id :- vdkfspl|@gmail.com
Get in touch with our team, and we will tell you everything you want to know.

ABOUT US
Vdk Group Today Is Amongst The Top Facility Management Companies In Pune And A
One-stop-shop For All Your Facility Management Requirements Related To Business. Being A
Prominent Name In The Industry, Providing Facility Management Related To Facility Management
Services | Mechanized Housekeeping| Solid Waste Management | Landscaping Gardening Trading, Logistics & Transportation | Outdoor & Indoor Painting
Material Supply | Building Maintenance | Manpower Supply, Recruitment Services And Gardening To Local Companies, Mnc’s,
Corporate, Financial Institutions And Large Industries. With Over A Decade And A Half Years Of
Experience To Its Management Staff , Today Vdk Is A Renowned Player In This Industry With An
Immensely Experienced Staff. Since Inception In 2018, Our Philosophy Has Always Been That To
Provide Our Customers With The Best Service In The Industry, With A Focus On Quality. By Being
Our Partners, You Can Be Rest Assured Of Premium Service Which Will Fulfil Your Needs.

VISION
To Provide Complete Facility Management Solution That Helps Our Clients To Attain A Competitive
Edge. No Matter What We Are Working On, We Are Motivated To Make The Most Of Staff's Talent
And Potential To Inform, Train, And Encourage Our Clients To Reach Their Professional Objectives.
We Believe In Creating A Learning Environment That Will Challenge And Support Our Employees In
Most Innovative Ways And Help Them To Achieve Our Goals Quicker And Easier, With Less Strain
And More Satisfaction.

MISSION
TO ENSURE QUALITY, HONESTY AT WORK
OF PEOPLE .

PLACE, AND SATISFACTION
VDK FACILITY SERVICES PVT. LTD.

>.

FACILITY MANAGEMENT
oe
ey od AA
SERVICES
Facilities management service revolves around the maintenance of workplace that includes
cleaning, property service and support service. The need for clean and welcoming internal environment that provide a healthy and effective working condition is a key to all organizations.
Our approach of hiring apt candidates is based on processes and methods that help to identify
skilled employees who can cater to the needs from day one. We ensure that our customer
receives a professional and consistent level of quality in the services delivered. As our recruiters
have been dealing in hiring this level of candidates for over a decade, they have the knack to
identity and pick the right candidate. VDK is today known as the top company for facilities
service and HRM in Pune.
MIECUANITVZEN
A 0 Se
eo
YHYOI!ISEKEEDINIC,
4
AAS PSS
Se
Mechanized Cleaning involves cleaning & maintenance of residential as well as commercial
complexes
such as malls, Hospitals, IT Parks, industrial premises, educational
institutions, and
other corporate. The main objective of companies offering mechanized housekeeping services
is to create a clean and hygienic environment. Mechanized housekeeping services include
everything from dusting and moping to cleaning of floors, window panels, glasses, floor scrubbing, floor polishing,
vacuum
cleaning,
machine
cleaning
and
maintenance,
pest control
and
fumigation in an apt manner. The said tasks are performed by trained professionals who efficiently perform all sorts of cleaning works of residences, offices and hotels.

SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT
Solid waste management plays an vital role to every municipal corporation, municipal councils. The whole work need to be carried out as per the guidelines of MSW rule 2016.
We are providing end to end solutions for management of solid waste.
SWM
services:
:
* Primary Collection
* Mechanized Composting
* Secondary Transportation
* Sanitary Landfill
* Mechanized Road Sweeping and Cleaning
* Drainage Cleaning
* Plasma Technology for 100% waste processing
* Fogging & spraying
solution
0.0
Seo
VDK FACILITY SERVICES PVT. LTD,
Alibag Municipal Council Inaugration
Spraying
Road Sweeping
Machanized Road Sweeping
9.0
Se2
VDK FACILITY SERVICES PVT. LTD.

'
ER
iy atta
Ty
Ahan ee
LU} Gain
ir
mie
ad een isti
t
Al NDSC/
Gardening can be defined as the decoration of a tract of land with plants and other garden
materials so as to produce a picturesque and naturalistic effect in a limited space. so landscape
may or may not include plants. according to bailey, landscape gardening is the application of
garden forms, methods and materials to the improvements of the landscape and the landscape
in this connection is any area large or small on which it is desirable to develop a view or design.
landscape gardening can also be defined as the beautification of a tract of land having a house
or other object of interest on it.

VDK FACILITY SERVICES PVT. LTD,
VDK FACILITY SERVICES PVT. LTD.

Earth Work Images
CIVIL ENGINEERING WORKED
Typical earthworks include road construction, railway beds, causeways, dams, levees, canals, and berms.
Other common earthworks are land grading to reconfigure the topography of a site, or to stabilize slopes.

Te
In military engineering, earthworks are, more specifically, types of fortifications constructed from soil. Although
soil is not very strong, it is cheap enough that huge quantities can be used, generating formidable structures.
Examples of older earthwork fortifications include moats, sod walls, motte-and-bailey castles, Tand hill forts.

Modern examples include trenches and berms.

EQUIPMENT SERVICES
Heavy construction equipement is usually used due to the amounts of material to be moved -up to millions of cubic
metres. Earthwork construction was revolutionized by the development of the (Fresno) scraper and other earth-moving
machines such as the loader, the dump truck, the grader, the bulldozer, the backhoe, and the dragline excavator.

MASS HAUL PLANNING
Engineers need to concern themselves with issues of geotechnical engineering (such as soil density
and with quantity estimation to ensure the soil volumes in the cuts match those of the fills, while
distance of movement. In the past, these calculations were done by hand using a slide rule and with
as Simpson’s rule. Earthworks cost is a function of hauled amount x hauled distance. the goal
planning is to determine these amounts and the goal of mass haul optimization is to minimize either
and strength)
minimizing the
methods such
of mass haul
or both.

CALCULATION SOFTWARE
Earthwork software is generally a subset of CAD software, in which case it often an add on to a more general CAD package
such as AutoCAD. [3] in that case, earthwork software is principally used to calculate cut and fill volumes which are then
used for producing material and time estimates. Most products offer additional Functionality such as the ability to takeoff
terrain elevation from plans (using contour lines and spot heights); produce shaded cut and fill maps; produce cross sections
and visualize terrain in 3D. [4] the means by which volumes are calculated in software can differ quite considerably leading
to potentially different results with the same input data. Many software products use methods based on triangulated irregular
networks (TINS) and triangular prism volume algorithms, however other calculation methods are in use based on rationalizing
elevations into high density grids or cross-sections.

VDK FACILITY SERVICES PVT. LTD.

Building Project
Construction is a general term meaning the art and science to form objects, system or
organization, and comes from Latin construction (from com-'together and struere to pile
up’) and Old French construction. [2] to construct is the verb; the act of building, and
the noun is construction; how something is built, the nature of its structure.

SCIENTIFIC LANDFILL DEVELOPMENT
Modern landfills are will-engineered and managed facilities for the disposal of solid waste,
landfills are located, designed, operated and monitored to ensure compliance with federal
regulations. They are also designed to protect the environment from contaminants, which
may be present in the waste steam Landfills cannot be built in environmentally-sensitive
areas, and they are placed using on-site environmental monitoring systems. These monitoring
systems check for any sign of groundwater contamination and for landfills gas, as well as
provide additional safeguards, Today’s landfills must meet stringent design, operation and
closure requirements established under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA).

VDK FACILITY SERVICES PVT. LTD.

i
Relcoe
Compound
Y
Excavations in the sites of Indus valley revealed the existence of planned roads in India
as old as 2500-3500 BC. The Mauryan kings also built very good roads, During the time
of Mughal period, roads in India were greatly improved, Roads linking North-West and the
Eastern areas through gangetic plains were built during this time. The construction of
Grand-Trunk road connecting North and South is a major contribution of the British.
MODERN DEVELOPMENT
The First World War period and that
transport. So need for better roads
appointed a committee called Road
chairman. This committee came to
immediately following it found a rapid growth in motor
became a necessity. For that, the Government of India
developement Committee with Mr. M.R. Jayakar as the
be known as Jayakar Committee.

§ Bulking
Maintenance
—
==
INTERIOR & EXTERIOR
/
PAINTS
Exterior paints have to withstand sun and weather conditions without peeling; whereas, interior paints must resist abrasion. One of the most important differences, though, is their relative
level of volatile organic compounds. You can use an exterior latex paint for your kitchen or
living room walls, but you probably don't want to. The binders and additives in exterior paint
are designed to withstand harsh conditions, and the coating is generally thicker and less decorative than an interior latex finish. Conversely, an interior latex product simply wouldn't last
long if you used it to paint the side of your house or a fence because it lacks these heavy-duty
additives. Even if the color didn't fade in the sun, which it probably would, the paint itself would
deteriorate quickly, and you'd find yourself repainting in a short time.
Materials and supplies are deemed to include goods used as inputs in a production process (raw
materials, semi-finished products, additives, parts, and small tools and devices). Materials and
susplies include also ancillary materials (lubricants, water etc.). Materials and supplies exclude
oftice suppiies and packaging.

BUILDING & MAINTENANCE
To preserve the operating condition of machinery and building services, structures, etc. To
restore them back to their original standards. To improve the facilities depending upon the
development that is taking place in the concerned/relevant engineering. A building stands
exposed in weather and is used for all possible purposes. Further, there would be various
in-building arrangements inviting various decaying agencies to act. Decay causes damage and,
again, damage invites further decay followed by damage again and, ultimately, reducing it to an
unserviceable and dilapidated structure
MANPOWER
SUPPLY
VDK is one of the most trusted firms, engaged in offering labour contracting services across
sectors as per the needs and demands of the customer. For carrying out multiple job works, we
offer labours on contractual basis as per the defined industry standards. VDK also makes sure
that ne Lebours supplied by us are competent in their respective domain and have ample
knowledge of handling machines and various industrial equipment's. Understanding the budgetary constraints of our clients, we offer our contractual facility competitive and affordable
rates. We are set ahead to deal with either permanent or temporary staff and deal with a variety sectors. VDK is today known as the top company for facilities service in Pune.

a.0
bl Ca
VDK FACILITY SERVICES PVT. LTD.

Bayer Prayas Association
Thermax Boiler Cleaning
Government Clients
¢ Shirala, Nagar Panchayat, Dist :- Sangli
¢ Karjat, Nagar Panchayat, Dist :- Anmednagar
*
e
¢
e
¢
¢
¢
e
Alibag
Ajara,
Palus,
Masur,
Municipal Council,
Nagar Panchayat,
Municipal Council,
Gram Panchayat,
Dist.
Dist.
Dist
Dist
:- Raigad
Kolhapur
:- Sangli
:- Satara
Poladpur, Nagar Panchayat, Dist :- Raigad
Shrigonda, Municipal Council, Dist :- Anmednagar.
Khanapur Nagar Panchayat, Dist. Sangli
Sangole Municipal Council Dist. Solapur
¢ Badnapur, Nagar Panchayat, Dist :- Jalna
¢ Hatkalangale Nagar Panchayat Dist. Kolhapur
¢ Tasgaon, Municipal Council, Dist :- Sangli
® Murud Janjira Municipal Council, Dist :- Raigad
¢ Shrivadhan Municipal Council, Dist. Raigad
* Barshi Municipal Council - Solapur
¢ Jaysingpur, Municipal Council, Dist. :- Kolhapur
* Maindargi Municipal Council Dist. Solapur
* Varsoli, Grampanchayat, Dist. :- Raigad
¢ Chandagad Nagar Panchayat, Dist. Kolhapur.

¢ Panhala,Municipal Council, Dist :- Kolhapur.

¢ Washi, Nagar Panchayat, Dist. Osmanabad
¢ Vaibhavwadi, Nagar Panchayat, Dist :- Sindhudurg
© Koregaon, Nagar Panchayat, Dist. Satara.

Private Clients
* Bayer Prayas Association, Dist.:- Thane
¢ Thermax Onside Energy Solutions Limited, Bhosari, Dist.:- Pune
PRESTIGIOUS CLIENTS..


